Project Report for GitHub
Project Title: Voice-Controlled Network Automation and Exploitation
Description:
This Python-based project integrates voice recognition and text-to-speech features to automate network-related tasks such as scanning for open ports, changing MAC addresses, and running system exploits. It uses the following libraries and tools:

pyttsx3: For text-to-speech conversion.

speech_recognition: For converting speech to text.

nmap: A tool for network scanning and enumeration.

Metasploit: For exploiting known vulnerabilities in services.

ifconfig: To change the MAC address of network interfaces.

Features:
Voice-Activated Commands: Recognize specific phrases like "start scanning", "mac change", and "system hacking" to trigger network operations.

MAC Address Randomization: Change the MAC address of the specified network interface to a randomly generated address.

Nmap Network Scanning: Perform aggressive network scans to detect open ports and services on the local machine.

Metasploit Exploitation: Automate the exploitation of vulnerabilities using Metasploit's framework.

Automated NSE Script Scans: Run NSE (Nmap Scripting Engine) scripts to analyze services identified during the network scan.

Setup Instructions:
Install dependencies:

pip install pyttsx3 SpeechRecognition

Ensure that nmap, metasploit, and ifconfig are installed on your machine.

Set up a microphone for voice input.

Run the program with administrative privileges for commands like ifconfig and Metasploit.

Usage:
When you run the program, speak the following commands:

"start scanning" to initiate an Nmap scan.

"mac change" to change the MAC address of the network interface.

"system hacking" to perform a full network enumeration and exploit known vulnerabilities.

Important Notes:
This program should only be used in a safe and legal environment, such as penetration testing within a controlled network or a personal testing setup.

Ensure that you have proper authorization before running any exploitations.
